I didn't like it, that is, a kiss Juanca,
neither gosh
How are the likes going Marina Well the likes are
going at 3,650
4,000
4,000 and we release
Thank you Loli queen Loli Thank you very much
and we release the
contestant
from the blue tide confirmed
with nuances says Marina for
survivor 2023
not confirmed but confirmed let's see
now we clarify it now we clarify it
could
the proposed contestant
to go this year
to survivors
2023 and that she will probably
accept
with nuances
is
Raquel
Mosquera
not Raquel
survivor people let's see let's see
let's explain all the
two parts okay because there are two parts be
careful then I'm
going to explain the nuances and then the
people When uploading the extracts
please put the nuances because
then it is for what could happen okay
look, I repeat I have spoken with one
of the representatives who is
managing the casting and as I told you before he
says there are two or three who are repeating
One of them is she is Raquel So
I have investigated elsewhere and yes it is  It's
true that
they've told me, let's see how I can explain it
to you that she would obviously like it,
we know that the network has been calling her
for the electricity ones that have generated
interest that the ratings have
worked well etc. Okay, so
coming from a representative who is the one
who manages this type of thing I say Ok
what do I do what does
Marina esnal billiards second surname I
call her representative this afternoon
Javier a Encanto and I say Javier I
know how this works bar that the
surviving mosquera
and his response is
giving me to understand that hopefully
first a little bit of a tangent but
like hopefully because there is she has told me
that they have been calling her where they continue
calling her from electricity and programs to
collaborate But that she will accept
when she feels like it and when she goes and
when and when there is she I am already
getting nervous
and when there is something interesting
No no yes if you don't go I don't see it then
nothing well I don't know well it's that I don't know if yes gosh Well it's that I don't know let's
see that I don't believe this I don't believe that no
yes but because not But because the
Super chat I get into  a super your life or
what No but this is very nice this is
very nice in particular Not for nothing Not
for nothing let's see I'm distracted
then okay What's the story the
story is that
the representative tells me giving me to
understand that no no because I have
sounded him out I say let's see Javier I say I know
that these things cannot be said but
he like like he says gosh well that
would be very good
everything a little strange but I want
to tell people so that they understand
that many times this situation has happened to me I have
called
representatives they cannot leak they
cannot confirm that because
their name could be leaked Because that is
harmful so that's why sometimes they either don't
say anything or they lie but it is something
usual so to me on the one hand from
within from the representatives They
tell me this information about Raquel that there are two
or three who are going to repeat and that one of
them is Raquel because there is an interest on the
part of the producer and the
representative tells me that he is a
representative lawyer and friend giving me to
understand that no he has not told me
Marina either No not at all but giving me to
understand that we will not see each other in a month when it
is not a lie he tells you
yeah  note the tone No yes let's see it's that of course
I would already be speculating I will tell you the
two sides and we will see in the end
what it is well we will see it in a
month or so there is a month and we will see
who the participants are who are not
etc here we have put it on the table
because the intention has been now that
Raquel Raquel is engaged to her
also there is a person here who knows
very well that I think is through this chat who
knows very well why I jump into
the pool with the subject of that I
think that it will be I cannot tell
because it is intimate to that person but
Between that and what the
representative of these people in charge of the
casting has told me I have said I see it very clearly that
Raquel is going to be or rather she will be You see it Of course it is that of
course you know what happens the
survivors happen a lot that from one
week to the next and many changes what
was a pre-contract falls through what was
someone at the last minute comes up what
changes is very changeable or so in a
week three can fall through four new ones
throw one in the end goes sue the
producer sues that he wants one
then he throws it for another because it is a
similar profile to the other It's all a
little
complicated And that's what we can
tell and then of course now comes now
now We're
going to put it in the last 10
listen to me Javi listen to me to the people
really it's not a joke it's much more
shocking
than this whole or rather shocking the
situation Who is it And why Yes why
not this have they taken it badly have they taken it
badly the people no I already knew it
most of them have taken it
into account that Raquel is very strong is that
Raquel in the end is a Hey she is a
person well Hey her medications her
things that we know that no that she has had
emotional ups and downs and that in the end
being in such an extreme circumstance
as the island I do
n't know what kind of situation to go to or I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't
know in the end it's work no but they do say
around here if he goes to fidelity I'll
see him again Haha man I would be
hooked too the truth are we going to put the
label we are going to put the label no
please it's that it's very strong
we are talking there are 20 minutes left
a little less it wouldn't be
15 minutes as they say
at 12:30 we reveal we
reveal a proposal and
she's hesitating whether to accept or not for the
reason that the most the reason is the
strongest of all and even if you
know her and also the vast majority of you hate her
we're going to say what it is like this it's
brutal eh it's brutal it's brutal it's brutal let's
see at 12:30 we reveal the
proposal to survivor 2023
to a
very famous person Look they just said Sorry
Raquel Mosquera there was already a
survivor I repeat rep I repeat
yes I would love you fuchsia this
year two or three are going to repeat two who have already been
survivors are going to be back
this year
kiss hurray let's see information we don't
sell smoke eh I mean when we're
talking about things because there you know
that later the news is confirmed and it
's don't go because in 15
minutes you're going to throw yourself on the floor
you're going to throw yourself on the floor I mean it's not
Beln Roque we're talking about the subject of Beln
rock that could be  Beln rock that I don't know
what that I don't know how much by the way we are going to
talk about Beln Roy of Kiko Hernndez
while it is not Beln ro she is not a
collaborator continue like this I don't know what it is
strong strong it is very strong what we are
going to tell you here in 15 minutes
and tomorrow they are going to echo in all the
media not total total total and I am the
first one who is going to take it out because it is No
and There will be people who echo without giving us
credit also I tell you no or without giving you that it is
not necessary to give me credit
to Marina who is the one who has brought the
news no no name
at least as a minimum as a minimum to the
Channel the media is always requested in
fact not to the person not between us
eh
[Music]